Add gallery component doc (#1093)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/model-cards-components.md

# Model Card components

> Model cards supports additionnal components you can place in your markdown. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Model Card Components** are special elements that you can inject directly into your Model Card markdown to display powerful interface widgets directly in your model page. These components are authored by us, feel free to share ideas about new Model Card component in [this discussion](https://huggingface.co/spaces/huggingchat/chat-ui/discussions/312).
```

Reviewer 2: not sure i'd say "widgets", might be confusing with the main widgets

"components" is ok no?

## The Gallery component

Add the `<Gallery />` component to your text-to-image model card to showcase your images generation.

For example, 
```md

<Gallery />

## Model description

TintinIA is fine-tuned version of Stable-Diffusion-xl trained on 125 comics panels from Tintin album. 

```

<div class="flex justify-center">
<img width="650" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/models-gallery.png"/>
</div>

> The gallery uses the card's [widget metadata](/docs/hub/models-widgets-examples#text-to-image) to display the images and prompt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<Gallery/>` component will use your Model Card [widget metadata](/docs/hub/models-widgets-examples#text-to-image) to display the images with each associated prompt.
```

> <img width="650" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/models-gallery.png"/>

Reviewer 3: If possible also have darkmode

Author: see https://github.com/huggingface/hub-docs/pull/1093/commits/a26deb2f2df42fc393201128d2182c2ccdd71d0a
